# CS50xFP

Hello, I'm Mohammed Agbaria, 15 This is Harvard's CS50x final Project, This project is "Spying Program" That is fully made with python using requests, socket, cv2, pyautogui, os, keyboard to stop the program while testing, Threading and opencv-python python libraries, When the program is launched, it will automatically check for those libraries if it does exist on this device, if not it will download those libraries on the system, then it will freeze the mouse and then the program will do it's actual job, first it will put the private ip address, the region and region name, the country, user's username and computer name and other data in a txt file and send it on the telegram channel by the bot, after that it will start taking photos and send it in the same way (send to the telegram channel by the telegram bot) and it will not stop taking photos and sending it.
To make things clear, I do not have any responsibilities about how the program will be used by others, for more information, read the disclaimers below

•	This program is related to Computer Security and Computer Science and not a program that promotes hacking / spying / making harmful software.
•	The program is only for informational and educational purpose only.
•	Do not attempt to violate the law with anything contained in this video / program. If you planned to use the content for illegal purpose, then please leave the video / GitHub repository immediately! I will not be responsible for your any illegal actions. Neither the author of this program, or anyone else affiliated in any way, is going to accept responsibility for your actions.
•	The misuse of the information in this program can result in criminal charges brought against the persons in question. The author of this program will not be held responsible in the event any criminal charges be brought against any individuals misusing the information in this program to break the law.
•	The site holds no responsibility for the contents found in the user comments since we do not monitor them. However, I may remove any sensitive information present in the user comments upon request. Neither the creator of this project nor the owner / owners of YouTube/GitHub are responsible for the comments posted.
•	This program contains materials that can be potentially damaging or dangerous. If you do not fully understand something on this program, then GO OUT OF HERE! Refer to the laws in your province/country before accessing, using, or in any other way utilizing these materials. These materials are for educational and research purposes only.
•	This video / repository is public to warn people to not open and download any program and to spread awareness only.
•	The owner if this program is against spying and making harmful software for illegal use.
